20023724
article
36099458
https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/36099458
文都出国留学
双语：川普、犹太人、福音派

Anti-Semitism in the age of Donald Trump85年前的一个周四，即1933年3月22日，海因里希•希姆莱(Heinrich Himmler)在德国达豪(Dachau)开启了第一座纳粹集中营。历史不会重演。但它带来不少警示。Eighty-five years ago on Thursday, Heinrich Himmler opened the Nazi’s first concentration camp at Dachau. History does not repeat itself. But it is laced with warnings.V-T To lace food or drink with a substance such as alcohol or a drug means to put a small amount of the substance into the food or drink.自犹太人遭遇大屠杀以来，西方一直最忌讳反犹太主义。如今反犹太主义又有死灰复燃的迹象。这在美国和英国尤为引人注目。这应当引起所有人的重视。当最严格的禁忌出现裂缝，不太严格的禁忌可能会瓦解。Since the Holocaust（词汇）, anti-Semitism（词汇） has been the west’s largest taboo. Today it is creeping back from the fringes. Its return is most remarkable in the US and Britain. Everyone should take note. When the strongest taboo cracks, lesser ones may crumble.V-I If something creeps in or creeps back, it begins to occur or becomes part of something without people realizing or without them wanting it. N-COUNT The fringe or the fringes of an activity or organization are its less important, least typical, or most extreme parts, rather than its main and central part. V-I If an old building or piece of land is crumbling, parts of it keep breaking off. 20世纪30年代，法西斯分子抨击“无根的世界主义者”。后者如今被称为“全球主义者”。反犹太主义成了现代性仇视者的发泄对象。在美国，反犹太主义最大的诱因是唐纳德•特朗普(Donald Trump)效应。美国反诽谤联盟(Anti-Defamation League)称，2017年期间，美国的反犹太主义事件增加了近60%——这是该联盟开始监测以来幅度最大的跃升。特朗普是否是在无意间煽动了这种情绪还未可知。但不可否认，他造成的影响很大。否则怎么解释在其上任的第一年，美国学校里的反犹太主义事件几乎翻了一番？孩子们模仿成年人。社会从领导人那里获得暗示。专属会员可免费查看以下内容In the 1930s, fascists railed against “rootless cosmopolitans”. Today’s version of the latter are “globalists”. Anti-Semitism channels hatred of modernity. The biggest spur to this in the US is the Donald Trump effect. According to the Anti-Defamation League, anti-Semitic incidents in America rose by nearly 60 per cent in 2017 — by far the largest jump since it began monitoring. Whether Mr Trump stokes it unwittingly is an open question. That he has had a big impact is undeniable. How else to explain a near doubling of anti-Semitic incidents in US schools in his first year in office? Children mimic grown-ups. Society takes its cues from（句型） leaders.V-T If you channel money or resources into something, you arrange for them to be used for that thing, rather than for a wider range of things. 【ALSO】V-T If you channel your energies or emotions into something, you concentrate on or do that one thing, rather than a range of things. 特朗普百无忌惮。无论你是一位穆斯林、西语裔、非裔美国人还是全球主义者，美国总统营造了别人可以肆无忌惮地贬低你的环境。然而，当谈到犹太人时，特朗普使用的是委婉语。就像我说的，他也许并未充分意识到这一点。但其“另类右翼”拥趸们看到了绿灯。Mr Trump leaves no taboo unturned.（句型） Whether you are a Muslim, Hispanic, African-American or a globalist, America’s president has made it safe to disparage you. When it comes to Jews, however, Mr Trump deals in euphemisms. As I say, he may not be fully aware of it. But his alt-right fans（词汇） see the green light.V-T If you disparage someone or something, you speak about them in a way which shows that you do not have a good opinion of them. N-COUNT A euphemism is a polite word or expression that is used to refer to things that people may find upsetting or embarrassing to talk about, for example sex, the human body, or death. 举三个例子。起初，特朗普拒绝与支持纳粹的3K党(Ku Klux Klan)领导人戴维•杜克(David Duke)划清界限。在2016年竞选期间，特朗普曾利用竞选广告妖魔化乔治•索罗斯(George Soros)，索罗斯是反犹太主义运动的主要目标，从欧尔班•维克托(Viktor Orban)领导的匈牙利政府到美国的“另类右翼”都在攻击他。还有，在其上任的第一周，特朗普忘了在大屠杀纪念日提到犹太人。 To take three examples. Mr Trump initially refused to disown David Duke, the pro-Nazi leader of the Ku Klux Klan. During the 2016 campaign, Trump ads demonised（词汇）George Soros, a leading target of anti-Semitic campaigns from Viktor Orban’s Hungary to America’s alt-right. And he forgot to mention Jews on Holocaust remembrance（词汇）day in his first week in office.但影响最大的特朗普效应来自其展示的反全球主义倾向。和英国工党(Labour party)领袖杰里米•科尔宾(Jeremy Corbyn)一样，特朗普也喜欢威权者，特别是弗拉基米尔•普京(Vladimir Putin)——网络喷子的主要后台。他们都蔑视北约(NATO)、欧盟(EU)和国际银行家。但在以色列问题上他们存在分歧。特朗普极力支持以色列。而科尔宾是最反对以色列的批评者之一。But the biggest Trump effect comes from his anti-globalist imagery. Like Jeremy Corbyn, leader of Britain’s Labour party, the president has a taste for authoritarians, notably Vladimir Putin — the leading sponsor of online vitriol. Both disdain Nato, the EU and international bankers. But they differ on Israel. Mr Trump is a big fan. Mr Corbyn is one of Israel’s biggest detractors.N-UNCOUNT If you refer to what someone says or writes as vitriol, you disapprove of it because it is full of bitterness and hate, and so causes a lot of distress and pain. N-COUNT The detractors of a person or thing are people who criticize that person or thing.这在一定程度上跟他与什么人为伍有关。在成为工党领袖前，科尔宾曾加入一个神秘的Facebook群组，其中一些成员将当今世界的多种弊病归咎于犹太人。科尔宾周围的人都憎恶犹太人。一些支持科尔宾的评论人士竟称，以色列（而非俄罗斯）可能是索尔兹伯里(Salisbury)神经毒剂袭击的幕后黑手。Partly it is the company he keeps. Before Mr Corbyn became Labour leader he belonged to a secretive Facebook group some of whose members blamed Jews for many of the world’s ills. People around Mr Corbyn detest Israel. A number of pro-Corbyn commentators have said that Israel, rather than Russia, may have carried out the nerve gas attack in Salisbury.特朗普和科尔宾一样不愿追究俄罗斯的责任。但两人在以色列问题上立场迥异。最戏剧化的例子是特朗普决定将美国大使馆从特拉维夫迁往耶路撒冷。但这种分歧也许在更大程度上是表象，而非实质。特朗普的动机是取悦他的基督教福音派选民根基。超过八成的福音派教徒在大选中投票支持特朗普，这是史上最高纪录。他们这样做有两个原因。Mr Trump has been as reluctant as Mr Corbyn to hold Russia to account. Yet they part company on（句型） Israel. The most dramatic example of this was Mr Trump’s decision to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. But that difference may be more apparent than real. Mr Trump’s motive was to please his Christian evangelical（词汇）voting base. More than eight in 10 evangelicals voted for Mr Trump, the highest share ever recorded. They did so for two reasons.ADJ Evangelical Christians emphasize the importance of the Bible and the need for a personal belief in Christ. 【ALSO】ADJ If you describe someone's behaviour as evangelical, you mean that it is very enthusiastic. 首先，他将提名那些承诺推翻堕胎权利的法官。其次，他承认耶路撒冷为以色列的永恒首都。许多福音派相信，审判日(Day of Judgement)只有在犹太圣殿(Jewish Temple)重建后才会到来。这意味着全力支持以色列的强硬派。做到了那一点，《启示录》(Book of Revelations)的预言就会应验。义人必得救，恶人，包括世界上的犹太人，将面临永恒的地狱之火。First, he would nominate judges who pledged to reverse abortion rights. Second he would recognise Jerusalem as Israel’s eternal capital. Many evangelicals believe the Day of Judgement can only happen once the Jewish Temple has been rebuilt. That means backing Israel’s hardliners to the hilt（句型）. Once that has happened, the Book of Revelations prophecy can be fulfilled. The righteous（词汇）will be saved. The wicked, including the world’s Jews, will face eternal hellfire.PHRASE To the hilt and up to the hilt mean to the maximum extent possible or as fully as possible. 我不知道特朗普是否也有这些信仰。很可能没有。但对于他的最忠实选民群体的很大一部分人来说，这些信仰是坚定不移的。福音派在政治上是亲犹太主义者，在宗教上是反犹太主义者。特朗普是他们的工具。他们才不管历史的教训。I have no idea whether Mr Trump shares these beliefs. Probably not. But to a large chunk of his most loyal voting block（词汇）, it is an article of faith. Evangelicals are politically philo-Semitic（词汇） and theologically anti-Semitic. Mr Trump is their instrument. The lessons of history could not be further from（句型） their mind.