20023724
answer
389423210
https://www.zhihu.com/question/276550998/answer/389423210
Gunter Schoech
如何评价美国总统特朗普退出《伊朗核协议》？

As a European, I am unhappy, to say it politelyI am a German, my wife is French, I live partially in Germany, partially in France. I have lived 1 year in Spain, 1 year in Switzerland. So you might consider me a European. I can tell you that the opinion of what just happened here in Europe is unusually unanimous: Given Trumps campaign promise and other behavior, this is no surprise, but that doesn't make it better. Nobody here wants to see Iran having nuclear weapons, although I permit myself to just ask the question who and with what right decides who on this plant can have or can not have nuclear weapons. The laws of nature apply to us all. If it were for the "patented" discovery of nuclear fission, Germany would have the monopoly (discovery 1938, Nobel prize 1944). But the international alliance placed their own security above fairness, and the truth is that I also prefer as few states as possible to have this terrible weaponThen an alliance of the permanent member of the UN security council  (UNSC) : China , Russia, France, the United Kingdom, and the United States, plus temporary member Germany, negotiated an unusual agreement with Iran. After many years of sanctions and isolation, a formula was found under the acronym name of JCPOA. I don't want to get into the technical details like "non-prolongation of the suspension of sanctions" etc.I want to name this by what it is: President Trump did not "pull out" or "withdrew" from a "deal". He "broke a contract". It is that simple. Important side note: North Korea is paying attention. Who wants to make "deals" or contracts with people / states / leaders who don't feel bound by them, but "withdraw" whenever they feel like it? No matter Obama or Trump administration: It was the US who agreed. A contract for 10 years and longer must survive several administrations. Now, the USA tries to bully their way to new sanctions, e.g. the newly appointed US ambassador to Germany: First, the US Foreign Department was unable to name somebody for the job for many months. Now, basically as first action ever, this ambassador almost commands that German companies should end their activities in Iran within 90 days. Same in France, of course. That is outrageous! We have not broken the contract!Germany as of today has only ~3 or 3.5 billion € trade volume with Iran, that is ~ 0,2% of our foreign trade. If German companies stay on, those with US activities will be punished in the US, and business there is usually many times larger.  Should the US force those who have not broken the contract, to break it too?Will China cut 1 of the 6 central corridors of the One Belt one Road initiative, passing right through Tehran?More importantly, Iran has not broken the contract. According to all international oversight activities, Iran complied 100%So why does Trump break it? As sad as this seems, Trump is out to eliminate any legacy that Obama left. As with Obamacare, though, he seems to pretty blank when it comes to the alternative. First kick everything in, then start thinking about plan B. As pretty much all that Trump does, it is directed at national approval by American voters. The rest of the planet is not his concern. Paris Climate Agreements? -> America First! Trade war with China and Europe? -> America First! Sad but true: The average American voter wouldn't even know to locate Iran on a map. I've lived there 2 years, from Florida over California to Michigan. And those are the good parts. I am not even thinking of the Mid-West. His own team is divided. He thinks he can negotiate a more advantageous "deal". But a very key capital in negotiations is trustworthiness. Trump just lost whatever credibility he might have had left. He alienated all his allies (for Europe I can speak with great confidence). He gave Iran's government a taste of how reliable the US is as a partner. It would not be so surprising if the regime there decided that an own atomic bomb was the best life insurance after all. And if it is not the more moderate government of Hassan Rouhani, the hardliners are never far away in Iran. Nobody should have the illusion that the compromise, which is at the heart of every contract, did not get criticized in Iran. Trump, at heart, is non-interventionist, for isolation of America. So for him, the renewed sanctions must do the trick. But they haven't over decades. Not AT ALL in the same logic is his newly appointed National Security Advisor John Bolton. Bolton advocate the Irak war, and EVEN today, when the presumed weapons of mass destruction were never found in Irak, and the aftermath has left a country in constant civil war and given rise to the IS, is STILL convinced this was right (he only deplores the US did not go in earlier, with more troops, and stay longer). He also advocated preemptive strikes on North Korea, and argued that this was legal. We in Europe have a US-induced wave of refugees. You will easily understand where refugees from North Korea would go, should the country be attacked by the US. An most importantly in this context, Mr. Bolton advocates "regime change" in Iran. He does not think a better deal can be struck. And I don't believe, he thinks that the current (democratically elected) President Hassan Rouhani will simply leave office (and who, by the way, is the most moderate and pro-western president in recent Iranian history). Israel. Israel has told the world many times that it wants the Iran deal to destroyed. It has shown to the world, with its "coincidental" timing of the finding of OLD material from the time before the JCPOA deal was struck, what it wanted to happen. It has proven in the past that it prefers to take things into its own MILITARY hand, e.g. when it destroyed reactors in Syria and Irak before. What strikes me as very hypocrite in all this is the fact that Israel is widely believed to have the atomic bomb since 1966. And not 1, but 80-400 warheads, which might make it the 3rd largest arsenal in the world. Of course Israel refused to join the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT). Behind all this, I can see mainly one possible outcome: The US will impose sanctions, with or without help from others, in the hopes that Iran will re-start its nuclear program. At that moment, the US (and Israel most likely), will strike in a bid to destroy whatever nuclear infrastructure there is, in the name of self-defense, hoping to thrown Iran further back than any contract could ever have. This is the law of the stronger, bare and simple. Throw all morale, laws or fairness overboard. That is exactly what John Bolton stands for, and he is proud about it. He doesn't even try to hide it. Listen to him talk for yourself. However, there is always a flip-side to the coin:If there is something that makes terrorism very likely, it is the asymmetrical war of this kind, where any confrontation at eye level is unthinkable. Bomb Iran, and no moderate politician will be able to hold back angry fighters.  If there is another civil war (As in Afghanistan, or in Irak), after US interventions, in a struggle for power after one regime has been eliminated, the next refugee crisis is on it's way, and it's not going to the US. So now, when I hear the news, read the papers, and read what the normal people comment, I can see one positive element in all this: Ordinary Germans realize that on the world stage, they are too insignificant to really matter. They ask for more European integration, to form a common entity which in number of people and GDP is at eye level at least with the US. Only then we can deal with people like Trump and Bolton, who feel that "the law of the jungle", the "law of the stronger" is the only law.