19550613
article
35385309
https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/35385309
麦烧同学
给英国皇家学会院士、武汉理工大学名誉教授Anthony K. Cheetham的邮件

Request to Make a Change as the Honorary Professor of Wuhan University of TechnologyDear Professor Anthony K. Cheetham ( akc30@cam.ac.uk ),This is Chao Xu and I have worked as a journalist for five years and was invited to visit Royal Society at that time by British Council to have further understanding of science journalist. Today I write to you to ask you to intervene in an accidental death of a student at Wuhan University of Technology as the honorary professor.On 26th March, a student named ChongYuan Tao jumped from the dormitory building to end his life two days before his 26th birthday. Conclusion from the public security agency indicates that it's suicide. Later days Chongyuan Tao's elder sister, a doctor from Huazhong University of Science and Technology, post an article on Chinese social media accusing that Professor Pan Wang who is Chongyuan Tao's tutor should take responsibility for his brother's death.According to screenshots of conversation between Chongyuan Tao and Pan Wang, Chongyuan Tao was asked to visit Pan Wang's apartment almost every night to deal with his tutor's personal matters including buying and delivering food, providing massage service. Pan Wang has admitted that the night visit which has been years is intended to let his students have deep discussion on study and life and it's also a traditional culture from Cambridge University.Before his death, Chongyuan Tao has complained a lot about his tutor's inappropriate behavior to his sister and his mother and they asked him to endure. As a student from poor family, to study in a famous university and has a degree of PhD is one of few ways to change the fate of his family. Because the huge pressure caused by Pan Wang, Chongyuan Tao has decided to escape from control by his tutor and the decision made him threatened by his tutor with obstructing his graduation successfully from Wuhan University of Technology. Later, Chongyuan Tao called his mother saying that he couldn't escape from Pan Wang.A document about sexual harassment in campus is found in Chongyuan Tao's laptop and his phone and ID card were still missing after his death. Chinese media and some international media including BBC has covered the event a lot and it generated huge public discussion online. 4th April is a traditional festival to commemorate someone who has passed away. Students from the university and other university has planed to commemorate Chongyuan Tao but forced to leave by the security. Disappointed by the university's reply saying that the university and Pan Wang has no responsibility, Chongyuan Tao's parents and his elder sister crying for justice and further investigation at the campus but were detained by the university.Till now, the Chinese public and another one millione students at the city of Wu Han are waiting for a full and transparent investigation about Chongyuan Tao's death with no answer. Professor Anthony K. Cheetham, I am sorry to pass you the sad news and make you at a difficult position. Tao's parents and his sister's situation is still unclear right now. A fake statement was send out from his sister's personal social media account and deleted later. Many people are worried about their situation. I have to inform you what is happening here because you have a responsibility not only as the honorary professor but also as the academician of Royal Society which is the world's oldest independent scientific academy dedicating to promoting excellence in science. A postgraduate student has to suicide to escape the control of his tutor and you are the honorary professor of the university.Please do something.Sincerely,Xu Chao