19551424
answer
383965884
https://www.zhihu.com/question/275273125/answer/383965884
Chen Moore
美国四大鹰派代表人物来华，中国如何应对？

编辑一下，有人询问出处，我在彭博社的官网上找到了相关报道，链接如下：彭博社官方消息：中美各自的贸易要求​www.bloomberg.comTrade Deficit ReductionThe U.S. wants China to cut the two nations’ trade deficit by at least $200 billion by the end of 2020 from 2018 levels.Chinese purchases of U.S. goods will represent at least 75 percent of a commitment to a $100 billion increase in purchases of U.S. exports for the 12 months beginning June 1, 2018, and at least 50 percent of China’s commitment to an additional $100 billion increase in purchases of U.S. exports in the 12 months beginning June 1, 2019.Protection of American Technology and Intellectual PropertyChina to immediately cease providing subsidies and government support that fuels excess capacity in industries targeted by the Made in China 2025 plan.Specific policies and practices linked to technology transfer are eliminated.A cessation of government-sponsored cyber intrusion and cyber theft.Strengthened intellectual property rights protection and enforcement.By Jan. 1, 2019, China will eliminate provisions of the Regulations on the Administration of the Import and Export of Technologies and the Regulations on the Implementation of the Law on Chinese-Foreign Equity Joint Ventures identified in the U.S.By July 1, 2018, China will withdraw its request for WTO consultations in United States – Tariff Measures on Certain Goods from China and take no further action on the matterThe document also calls on China to take no retaliatory action in response to actions taken or to be taken by the U.S.Restrictions on Investment in Sensitive TechnologyA demand that China does not “oppose, challenge, or otherwise retaliate against the United States’ imposition of restrictions on investments from China in sensitive U.S. technology sectors or sectors critical to U.S. national security.”U.S. Investment in ChinaA demand that China does not distort trade through investment restrictions and any restrictions are narrow and transparentU.S. investors in China to receive “fair, effective and non-discriminatory market access and treatment, including removal of the application of foreign investment restrictions and foreign ownership/shareholding requirements.”China to issue an improved nationwide negative list for foreign investment by July 1, 2018. Within 90 days the U.S. will identify existing investment restrictions that deny U.S. investors market access. China is then to remove all identified investment restrictions on a timetable to be decided by both nations.Tariff and non-tariff barriersBy July 1, 2020, China will reduce tariffs on all products in non-critical sectors to levels that are no higher than the levels of the U.S.’ corresponding tariffsChina to remove specified non-tariff barriers and recognizes that the U.S. may impose import restrictions and tariffs on products in critical sectors, including sectors identified in the Made in China 2025 industrial plan.U.S. Services and Services SuppliersA demand for China to improve market access in specified waysU.S. Agricultural ProductsA demand for China to improve market access in specified waysImplementationBoth countries to meet quarterly to review targets and reformsIf the U.S. declares China is not complying with the framework, the U.S. can impose tariffs or other restrictions on Chinese products or restrict supply of servicesA demand that China does not “oppose, challenge or take any form of action against the United States’ imposition of additional tariffs or restrictions.”China to withdraw its WTO complaints regarding designations of China as a non-market economy and will refrain from future challengesWithin 15 days of receiving written notice of a prohibited product that may have been transshipped through one or more countries, China will provide full details of every shipment. Failure to do so will trigger tariffs.If China fails to uphold commitments the U.S. will impose tariffs on imports from China and will confiscate counterfeit and pirated goods or levy tariffs to compensate for lost technologies and intellectual property.A demand that China does not take any retaliatory action in response.The following is a synopsis of China’s demands:In an official document seen by Bloomberg News, China stated that measures to open up its economy will not be applicable to U.S. investors if the U.S. doesn’t meet China’s request on equal treatment of Chinese investment. Other requests of the U.S. included:Lift bans on exports of integrated circuits to China.Stop imposing 25 percent extra tariffs against Chinese products.Open government procurement to Chinese technology products and services.Give equal treatment to Chinese companies in national security review.Adjust the export ban on ZTE. Corp.Drop surrogate-country approach in anti-dumping, anti-remedy cases.Not to initiate any Section 301 investigation against China in the future.Open its e-payment market to Chinese companies.Approve China International Capital Corp.’s application for a financial license.Open the e-payment market to Chinese companies===========第一次版本===========贴个图吧，有人总结的这次中美双方互相提的条件的汇总，左侧是中方的，右侧是美方的就这些条件，双方能谈才是见鬼了，谁签谁是卖国贼，对两边都一样。怎么应对，既然你狮子大开口，那我也不好意思要价低了不是？美国市场对华完全开放（包括资本和金融市场），宣布301法案对华无效，承认制裁中兴是错误的，解除高技术出口限制……