19550415
answer
381847701
https://www.zhihu.com/question/275610311/answer/381847701
nihil
Michelle Wolf 在白宫记者晚宴吐槽白宫发言人「把事实烧成灰用来画烟熏妆」过火了吗？

我十分欣赏这个演讲的plain cynical，对于这个时代很多时候除了cynical之外没有更加合适的态度。这个演说从头到尾就干了一件事：开炮，开炮，开炮。炮打一切她能抓到的事情，从两党到媒体再到具体的个人。现在媒体都盯着拿Huckbee的外貌开玩笑的部分，直接无视了里面更多更直接更尖刻的讥刺和羞辱：“i know there's a lot of people want me to talk about Russia and Putin and collusion, but I;m not gonna do that, because there's also a lot of liberal media here and I've never wanted to know what any of you like when you orgasm”"我知道很多人想让我来这（白宫记者会）讲俄罗斯、普京和通俄（的笑话），但我不打算这么做，因为在座的有很多自由派媒体，而我对你们这帮人性高潮的样子毫无兴趣"“We've got our friends of CNN here, welcome guys, its great to have you, you guys love breaking news, and you did it, you broke it”"这里有很多CNN的朋友，大家好啊，很高兴你们能到这，你们喜欢突发新闻（破坏新闻），你们做到了，你们摧毁了新闻"“and of course Megyn Kelly, what would I do without Megyn Kelly—— you know, probably be more proud of women. Megyn Kelly got paid 23 millon dollars by NBC and NBC didn't let Megyn go to the Winter Olympics. Why not? She's so white, cold and expensive, she might as well be the Winter Olympics”"当然了还有梅根·凯莉，要是没她我都不知道该怎么办了——大概对我身为女性更自豪一点吧。NBC付给梅根·凯莉2300万美元却不送她去冬奥会。为啥不呢？她又白，又冷（冷酷），还很贵，她大概该当冬奥会本身"“there's a ton of print media here but I'm not gonna go after print media because it's illegal to attack an endangered species”"在座的有很多纸媒（从业者），但今晚上我不打算攻击纸媒，因为攻击濒危物种是非法的"“We have all these 24-hours news networks and we could be covering everything. But instead we are covering like 3 topic: every hour it's Trump, Russia and Hillary. ...... You guys are obsessed with Trump. Did you used to date him? Because you pretend you hate him but I think you love him. I think no one in this room wants to admit is that Trump has helped all of you. ...... but he has help you. He's helped you sell your papers and you books and your TV. You helped create this monster and now you're profiting off of him. And if you are gonna profit off a Trump you should at least give him some money because he doesn't have any.”"我们有这么多24小时新闻频道，我们本来可以报道任何事情。但是实际上我们就报道三件事：每个小时都是川普, 俄罗斯还有希拉里。...... 你们这帮人对川普着魔了。你们是不是以前跟他约过会啊？因为你们表现得很恨他但实际上我觉得你们都爱他。我觉得这个屋子里没有人愿意承认川普帮了你们所有人一个大忙。 ...... 但他帮了你们。他帮你们卖出你们的报纸，你们的书籍，你们的电视节目。你们帮着创造了这个怪物，现在你们正以此牟利。那么如果你们正用这个川普来牟利，好歹你们该分他点钱——因为川普啥钱也没有。"为什么媒体全都盯着Huckbee那个笑话不放？在自以为的内部party上被抓着痛点狠狠羞辱，被骑在脸上揭露心知肚明的真相，于是这些媒体只好装聋作哑，抓着最微不足道的地方夹缠不清——可谓是费拉不堪。通篇观来，整个演讲之中，Wolf有三句话明显是真正发自内心的：“Just a reminder to everyone, I'm here to make jokes. I have no agenda, I'm not trying to get anything accomplished, so everyone that's here from congress you should feel right at home.”"我就提醒大家一下，我是来这讲笑话的。我没有任何想办的事情（议程），我没打算解决任何事情，这样在座的每一位议员可以感觉宾至如归"“should've done more research before you got me to do this”"（你们）在找我做这个活之前该多做点研究的"还有最后一句："it's 2018 and I'm a women so you cannot shut me up""现在是8102年了，而且我是个女人，所以你不能就这么让我闭嘴"于是她就将整个西方媒体都羞辱了一番——而且你不能让她闭嘴。什么是现代艺术? 什么是现代艺术家？这就是现代艺术。